hello dear friends today
our agenda is so small
strange but no less important question
the question is related to the children and ask
how true is the us and in canada
advocates a law that talks about
that up to a certain
ages children don't get any names and
they are considered it until they grow up and
they themselves do not determine who they are in their own way
semi there and so on all the sensations
how true or false it is
so legitimate do they talk about it
can I say anything at all
this never heard anything that is
here's an introduction to this issue
it was said about what they say in Canada
and in the us it is very, very strong
pedal with great emotions with
great moods there so on but
I can say that here I am a man who
I 've been constantly listening for the past four years
watching all the news that
generally in Canada go out and concern
canada can say anything to this
the topic we do not say anything to this
the topic we have not pedal spring all that
what do you say
about this you can safely share
at 15 in canada as i have said before
in one of seen in canada very
Anxious about developing tolerance
in children in canada
there are a bunch of programs that
directed against bullying when people
there children tease for something players for
overweight for some kind of inadequate
behavior there is something else but in
Canada, again, there are a lot of programs
which are aimed at
talk about what if you have there
other sexual orientation that i
principle, too, nothing fatal that
All these fashionable with this can live and
about this regularly come there
on party flyer
minorities they are stories of their lives
there are all sorts of different 5 same parades
which usually doesn't really have
nothing to do with propaganda at home
sexual filthy
often issued in mass media
information country to shade
it's just holidays it's a reason for people
once again get together once again
go mad there
have fun it is really easy
correctly another thing that the main
protagonist there is sexual
minority
but again in canada specifically in canada
I took it very calmly
by and large nobody is
draw attention people live them
Quarters quietly deal with their
affairs
fingers are shown on the handle
there kissing still doing it another
story
going back to the question of what
In Canada and the United States, the law is still
time
there are very strong family values
be that as it may, though
said our propagandize start
promoted and popularized to
producing
if joyful attitude why is it there
and the Carpathians despite all this Canada
very very very family country plan
family goal and accordingly no
normal parent
a normal person can allow
child a certain amount of time
will be without a name
the more there is a law that
prescribes to give the child them for
helped many there either 30-60 days
watch the civil code but when not
there was before there was a clear law which
says that right after birth
the child must get exactly
accordingly if parents cannot
decide on a name
when to give birth and make it a cake organ with
salute ward then testik
there is a direct contradiction between
existing acting
legislation and topics that he was
very familiar adjustable forge
west
respectively
do not pay attention to it all
normal especially if we are talking about
quebec choice looking at what it is
province is catholic but to only here
most non-practitioners
there rites of hand questions such as
give the child as quickly as possible gay and
as soon as possible baby baptize there
so on here it is respected quaranta
that they no one gets into the soul does not speak
that you should go to church
artists what to do then again
repeated that canada is this country of family
values ​​in canada i have many times
talked about svon categories
live flashy super in my opinion and
states to do everything to
this category was now very good
are they kids or is this a review
they have the green light everywhere and from the girl
intently good relationship and
all the conditions for formal and
comfortable and normal life
Here is such a story about this
I hope you reassured are going to Canada
come to us more precisely to us to you all of you
here I miss all my friends I finish
all the best to you and goodbye